Testing model stored at ../models/model11/model.bin.9.
I said , " Of course , I 'm not afraid , I 'm not going to steal them . 
For me , I have to wait for my home to really feel the pain . 
This drug was banned in the <unk> industry in India , and they proved that it was evidence that it was evidence that it was evidence that it was already being used in the <unk> . 
What he missed was , he was arrested at the lake . 
He was really nervous for the wedding and the family to me . 
The human aspiration for men has been to have the growth of personal growth is the most important thing . 
This weird landscape is like going to be in the world 's <unk> or <unk> , or <unk> . 
I helped to clean the water up the hot water , the huge <unk> . 
Never since " I , and I said , " We have 32 times the time . " 
We 'll have your own weapon on your path , you 'll be small . 
You do n't have to design a whole new hospital system to do this experiment . 
I mean , it took a long time to think of a kid who said it . 
This is me in the diner in the evening before I took a photo for French John Moore . 
And we 're going to wake up with the news of the <unk> of the army . 
The project is also creating a huge difference in the lives of people who fix it . 
We ca n't fix it if the photo is not clean , dry and <unk> . 
In many weeks , volunteers and local volunteers and local people were looking for something . 
Could it be a <unk> - <unk> community , have a <unk> , and they can express intelligence and desire ? 
So we 're told that " Our tolerance has won the privilege of anger . " 
We were so afraid , but although we were , we wanted to go to school . 
I can end my crazy story by destroying my silence by stopping silence . 
So what I 'm talking about is that it 's actually where it 's happening . 
<unk> . In my language , it means thank you very much . 
This is the <unk> area : <unk> , fast food , wild food . 
I want to give you a sense of your own model . It 's a bit dramatic . 
If you have access to these information , you can control the whole society . 
You might agree with me that 's a beautiful way . 
I also realized that there was a huge gap between the South and North Korea . 
I was so scared , and I felt like my heart was going to be up . 
Before I die , I wanted to be able to give her a hug again . 
I 've just changed everything you think about me in six seconds . 
But I realized , this is my whole life . 
Suddenly , I had no country to be able to be proud to be the country . 
How can we make this happen , and then what happens ? 
In Los Angeles , people are dying for diseases that can be treated . 
We can do the analysis with high frequency to get data to get the data to get it to the top . 
It 's about understanding people around us in new ways and <unk> . 
But I struggle to maintain this angle in my life every day . 
What you should do is fight your autonomy for your autonomy today . 
And if you use your cell phones , then this is where the problem is . 
Please raise it up . A Android phone , wow , wow . 
But I 'm so proud to be here as a graduate student . 
It 's actually as you can see here that material has a sign of damage . 
I grew up there . I raised my sons . 
Obviously , you can talk about science without breaking ideas . 
And , the thing I love is , the <unk> are more likely to look at . 
It 's a joke to them , but happy , to love the open future . 
He keeps a tree in the driver 's seat . 
He did this incredible thing at the beginning of the first time by the first time I was in the first place . 
I found that the Americans see the weak , vulnerable , vulnerable in the changes . 
In the middle of the ' 90s , North Korea went through a famine . 
And on the CD , the one I needed to be recorded on it . 
The day of the tsunami , he was responsible for the <unk> door . 
So today I 'm going to try to explain to you how I do it . 
This is the <unk> River which is the natural border between North Korea and China . 
And this is where the center of the deceased has been collecting pictures . 
When they came out of the basement , they ate their sweat . 
The Industrial Revolution was also thought to be heard about the slaves . 
And that 's how many times did I get to get when and when ? " 
So I want to share the idea of self - interest in creating memory . 
<unk> , of course , can be a problem , but we have a solution . 
There 's just one line : the stairs that I went to . 
You have to learn how to make these people come to talk to you about . 
What I did was plant a food forest in front of my house . 
Okay , okay , can you sell it ? Can you manage it ? 
You do n't know that it 's interesting to hear your story . 
I had the chance to go here with the first time to join TED . 
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable . 
And then I had a little bit of wonder , what do I do with it ? 
So for the <unk> and I started to project the town , I did the same thing . 
But I said , I wanted to go to the public . 
So we 're told that " Our ignorance is all the things that we do . " 
And we need to take that risk of doing before we do the political level -- social . 
I had my big dream , but my family was much bigger than me . 
To address this problem , we 've created the materials that are self - assemble themselves . 
He had to go back to the water when he hit the water . 
It 's going to be <unk> , and they 're doing it right now . 
<unk> scientists and engineers , let 's eight stories with us . 
In fact , most of them were taken by the people who were previously taken over . 
It 's just a true of " Yes . " 
It was when I was seven in the morning when I was wearing my bedroom . 
But instead of that , we kill everything we hit . 
It 's a school , it 's ready to innovate and recover innovation . 
If someone does n't want to do it , then you have to do it ? 
And I got a switch to tear down and opened the lights . 
Now , I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love New Orleans . 
I 'm disturbed by my visual image every day . 
<unk> is not a symbol of hopelessness and the <unk> becomes the symbol of the spring of the spring . 
The air is <unk> and hot , and it 's very difficult to breathe . 
The one is often to be abused under the sex , under the hand . 
On the 13th day , I found a way to <unk> town . 
This is not a mother to say that she 's not important in our success . 
So we have a mixed mix with steel and very small steel . 
It 's more stable than my life . 
He told us to go on the neck of the woods , and to the forest . 
They 're looking for images and images and cameras and <unk> and <unk> . 
The Philippines of the United States was leading the land of the wild land that the city was in the city . 
The costs are low , and we all know what 's going to happen . 
But do n't make a kind of a revolution like <unk> . " 
<unk> and living in the age of digital technology is not conflicting . 
But today , more than three million women are learning in Afghanistan . 
Why did I not go ? I could leave any time . 
<unk> can make heat , especially steel , very , very good steel . 
And then finally , this is going to make a lot of damage . 
He 's carrying all the <unk> of everybody , and he started <unk> . 
In India and Nepal , I got to a <unk> . 
In two weeks , I had 150 people who wanted to participate . 
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are getting rid of themselves because of the isolation . 
I started as a test at <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , Australia . 
This is one of the six lions who were killed in Nairobi . 
It 's on a <unk> that we call the path . 
Many of them are , most of us have a cell phone . 
For him , the children are not learning to be the bigger . 
Because the last step in the family was killing her . 
I was at the end of the <unk> <unk> in Ghana . 
With 10,000 people , we can have about 200 customers . 
If you 're not a billionaire , you 're not <unk> . 
And the interesting thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it . 
So the green soil has continued to grow about 20 pieces of garden . 
And there are men , they helped me tear down the trucks from the truck . 
And I said , " Okay . Come here . Come to me . " 
Here we have a video of the vocabulary of the vocabulary of the vocabulary that 's shaking . 
For years , there 's been a huge improvement in the treatment . 
We need to start acting as the compassionate and the compassionate and tolerance . 
And we have to go , why did n't she leave ? 
Now you 're wondering whether it works or not it works . 
You 'll be surprised to see how the babies are affected . 
But if the patient can do this test at home ? 
Before I die , I wanted to sing for millions of people . 
In 2009 , I lost one of my favorite people . 
This is me in the same day when I took the picture on it . 
This is a design for countries like China or Iran . 
And I 've also wondered , does it work ? 
And some people even say , it 's like <unk> . 
It 's pretty mild winter , but summer is extremely hot . 
I met <unk> in a month , rain and cold . 
Why should women be so much in the same way that they beat them ? 
My art is my art . I grew up . 
The power of the power is very powerful , but it 's also fake . 
In fact , it 's not so weird that it 's not so weird to be the picture . 
My grandfather was a remarkable person who was so privileged to be in the middle of the day . 
If they grow a <unk> , they eat a god 's <unk> . 
All of those things can be completely visible to your cell phone . 
He 's raised to me , " The Taliban went ! " 
I want to talk to you about a very special animal . 
I do n't know that the second phase is the victims of the victims . 
And after a few months , I realized that she was different . 
I can put them in the worse than their current status . 
We made the idea that I could n't understand is not to lower them . 
And I went there , and I went through the first time . 
It 's very easy to make these images that are damaged . 
The first question is , how do I become a model ? 
We have the samples here . It 's pretty warm . 
The solution to the problem is to do the roads from asphalt . 
The Cambridge Samuel was 16 . He was very handsome . 
So I 've been here for most of these places . 
And then you have to tell them the truth about business . 
Well , dancing is one of the activities that people do . 
Before I died , I wanted to be a prison for somebody to be a donation . 
And I stood on this stage because I was a model . 
And that 's a little light from the waist down . 
I mean , no , why not ? 
And I 'm like , " Come on , really ? " 
Before I die , I wanted to be completely self - esteem . 
Before I die , I wanted to grow a tree . 
They said , we do n't want to store this personal information . 
Now I want to introduce you to my brother . 
And they release me . It 's a miracle . 
No , they wo n't get to talk to you . 
And this is how I 'm holding that piece of land . 
I saw the same wheelchair that was sold like the old car . 
The question , " What 's your ear in the back ? " 
This piece is on the road is the reason why it is . 
I see blood centers that grow up to Starbucks like Starbucks . 
And finally , our innovation has been accepted and successful . 
How do you get your <unk> , okay ? 
I 've spent a crisis on my roots . 
But these North Koreans were not so fortunate . 
There 's a great history of importance to their importance . 
To change the community , you have to change the component of the land . 
The collapse of the wall , Berlin would not exist . 
But this time I want to see the truth is being covered . 
It 's been there to save the people from Montana . 
We need to understand the secret of family violence . 
It 's around us . We 're not only seeing it . 
And so we started to get to the visitors . 
They 're both victims of damage , disease and violence . 
And my second idea was to use the final end of the sentence . 
So I have to find a way to solve this problem . 
Before I die , I wanted to live outside the spirit of the stand . 
And lastly , I 've got a deal with them . 
Let 's go back to that point , in the city . 
I have a dog and I have a <unk> . 
And I was 22 years old , and I graduated from Harvard . 
We 've met with the <unk> of hand . 
However , there 's a secret to working with entrepreneurs . 
We did that in 300 communities around the world . 
<unk> foods to yourself is the same as the print . 
<unk> a tree will give you 1,000 , 10,000 seed . 
I do n't know what happened at the time . 
And when you present , do n't use the heads of the line . 
<unk> had attacked me in my wedding day . 
I 'm just a woman who wants to share my story . 
And I saw the body that they were floating on the river . 
What 's the most likely to tell you about this morning ? 
May every day we 're <unk> of tolerance . 
Can they record our whole information ? 
<unk> is one of the most devastating groups . 
Back to my question : Why am I ? 
And I shared it in a way that 's not a condition . 
I 'm not giving them money , nothing . 
And then from that , we started to go to the modern world . 
Anybody started a company alone . Nobody . 
And the clock makes the light off . 
And when we do that , who knows who ? 
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . 
And you have to fight the <unk> for it every day . 
I 'm tired to see this thing happening . 
Luckily I brought a different suit . 
No one has the chance to do this . 
Let 's tell you about what you heard here . 
It 's just about 30 seconds long . 
First of all , why do they get this awful lot of them ? 
And then you can get water on the <unk> . 
It does n't have to go to the clinic to check the <unk> . 
Before I die , I wanted to try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and
When you describe science , please be careful when you use the term . 
Now you can actually go to school and he says . 
He was n't greedy . I did n't tell you the skin . 
It can take a day . It can take weeks . 
What would you conclude from these patterns ? 
That 's the only way we can go to school . 
I want to resist why do you know ? 
There 's a great woman who 's been a great guide to us . 
What can you do ? How do you do ? 
And of course , everything in Africa has been good at good . 
The problem is , that land is in the city . 
And hopefully it 's less than the picture in the middle of the picture . 
We need to cooperate with government levels in the middle of the region . 
So I was really in a very good company in the company . 
And also , asphalt makes lots of noise . 
First , you have to bring them to the security of them . 
<unk> to store things that are not sustainable . 
If they grow a tomato , they 'll eat a tomato . 
Because this time is not where it 's not going to be . 
And I realized that it had to end up . 
<unk> , food , fast food , wild land . 
Thank you very much . 
We see the shake , the <unk> and the <unk> . 
We always wondered what they knew about us . 
They 've been able to engage with ancient culture . 
And the noise and the noise that disappeared . 
And I started to learn to prepare for college for college . 
Where did I come from ? Where did I come from ? 
We pull the pieces of the channel , the <unk> <unk> . 
There 's a problem in public meetings . 
You know ? You can be somebody . 
But those information is not just about me . 
Good morning . This is my cellphone . 
But my mom had education to be a teacher . 
It happened to be two times in <unk> . 
Think about your life being so clear . 
Who sent to anyone who said mobile messages ? 
We can do it again . 
They 're almost not <unk> . 
We met at the coffee shop . The wine . 
I found that lions are afraid of light . 
It 's like the first of the year that it takes a special training . 
This is me with the football team in the magazine in the New Yorker . 
That 's 50,000 dollars today . 
Nine . Yes , a <unk> improvement . 
So , we understand that your idea is to stop with your idea . 
<unk> does not help prevent the spread of disease . 
I 'm not the same as a family of violence . 
It 's the most despair in my life . 
There 's no big window that 's just been out there . 
I 'm still left , and I listen to them . " 
But I did n't give up . I kept thinking . 
And food is the problem